and they were followed to the mission 47 gates and
they started missions to be row but
to perform your missions first
we must buy the rc insurance store
which is just behind our garage
endoworm if you come to the property
bought or sharon with ringworm back by the
store there are quite interesting things
here
if there are toys tank toys
the suites are dolls also dolls
of manhunt and also dolls
washington on the set and it will not take time
to discuss that later well
after having spent a while
After a turn we will receive
a call and the person who is us
calling is just sure
follow and say good to our present
at the moment you enter the
property and good are you going to explain us
quickly that is in other matters
true but after a small
explanation of a small talk that
makes the promise to go visit him and
good to also start missions
there is just the red marker well
now we do start the missions for their
gnaw well there you are and gnaws crouched
arranging his things we also see well
there you are entering the store
tenacious and then we're always going to see well
as it is always going to be a little
crestfallen a little worried a bit
sad a little depressed sometimes
we are also going to listen to the philosophy
philosophize and good if I was going to think that
is smoked think to think that is
drugged you have to lower the dose and
all that but partly the worry
of ciu is real at least for him
then after a small
explanation if ross is going to happen to us
explain what is your problem and your
problem is called verb remember in the
first mission of san fierro when a
truth was helping us gather people
to enter to work in the garage and
if he was not the last person in which
we picked up and just that moment while
he was playing with his control toy
remote name in your name remember said
berg then this see click is the same
yes berklee
to seem to resent ciro
because if oak won in a contest
scientific a science fair and now
wants to eliminate it action or if it is
revenge uy right now they sound about
true bleep that's see play then
now yes row is going to explain what is it
that is going to be berkeley in berkeley is
putting together a whole strategy for
knock down or destroy all
Shutdown transmitters just come in
toys that is but that is driving
those toys that are airplanes but that
they have bombs those bombs are going to be
thrown in what are the transmitters
and we have to avoid them and destroy them
with a minimum good
we have three minutes a little more
three minutes to eliminate them
we have to be quite precise that yes
yes and fast too
As I'm going to tell you, they have bombs and those
are going to be thrown into the antennas are
the transmitters and that's how to look at a
bar there is a signal bar which
is full now and which you have to
prevent it from emptying completely if that
is your goal to bring down all
airplanes all the toys and take care of
signal that does not get to empty well
look at the planes as they are in the
radar are those with the red symbol
the red triangle
and preferably I tell you to eliminate
those who are behind us
to those on the left side of
we who are in the direction of what
what is he
the parquet those do not come so fast yes
although it comes in a group but you can not
forget more easily instead those that
are behind for example this one you have to
eliminate it from what are on the side
like this one you also have to remove it
because they move faster but yes
because as you see here in a group we can
help easily if so here too
and here you can also forget to delete
easily
those assholes from here back come
quick to you can distract you with what
they are in front and back and at
side advance as quickly as possible and
they can throw the bombs and they can
destroy what transmitters are
I wish and that does not suit us because of that
we have to eliminate them are behind
us in what they are lying on
we're fine now if we move forward
with those in front of them
assholes here and is one minute
little bit more but that's how patience I know that
this fire mission can cost you
It may seem complicated but the
practice as everyone says to the
teacher if then practice a lot
practice your aim especially if the
mouse is very big you are going a little bit
complicate that of preference to use
a small mouse if it's an advice that you
could give that is the biggest thing you occupy
hand and you may not be very comfortable
but good is a detail nothing more
well then those that are on the side and
they are behind remember what they are at
front was the park they come in
group but you can remove it more
easily these types if they are well
fast and these how are you distracted with
the front come from behind study as
cowards and you throw the bombs so
you have to be pretty fast and precise
in this asshole here we are going to
eliminate already left 13 is game group
always then we are going to offer the well
do not worry much about them
There's the back just almost lance
we have to be fast well here good
weather
and we have protected well what are the
then all transmitters close
quiet for now say it is
quiet , he was a little bit
concern and in the end I made a
nonsense that is nonsense to say but
well then we have helped efficient and
effectively doing it all has come out very
ok well there is transmission
overcome
dale life right now do not tell us in the next
video followed the friends
remember to visit my new guide channel
instants networks where would be
uploading missions from other games the
link you will be able to find in the
description of this video